Help me you will be so kind
Certainly.
I asked you to send me a child last time.
You refused.
Put this sentence now?
It is also valid. You have to take away the four treasures.
Yes, you have to think about it.
Now.
I am the only person in the world who can save him
How are you thinking about Sibao?
I promise you
Those who know the current affairs are Junjie
You are not too stupid
Mr. Dai, are you going to take him away now?
No, my lord has a lot to save you women
If you procrastinate
I regret it
Just give me five more minutes.
I beg you.
Just five minutes
Four treasures wake up mommy
Is Sibao sick?
Eat a lot
Comfortable
The doctor said
You have a minor illness
It will be fine soon.
Does it cost a lot of money to be hospitalized?
No such little money
Mom still has it.
That's good. I want to grow up with my brothers
Let mom have a good life
Hmm mom wait
Mom, is there something on your mind?
It's okay, mom coaxed you to sleep home, okay?
dead light
Mom is useless
It's Mommy's fault
Sorry.